Add Mac OS tracy info to profiling docs (#13826)
bevyengine/bevy: docs/profiling.md

It has a command line capture tool that can record the execution of graphical applications, saving it as a profile file. Tracy has a GUI to inspect these profile files. The GUI app also supports live capture, showing you in real time the trace of your app. The version of tracy must be matched to the version of tracing-tracy used in bevy. A compatibility table can be found on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/tracing-tracy) and the version used can be found [here](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/latest/crates/bevy_log/Cargo.toml).

> On macOS, Tracy can be installed through Homebrew by running `brew install tracy`, and the GUI client can be launched by running `tracy`. 
> 
> In one terminal, run:
> `./capture-release -o my_capture.tracy`
> This will sit and wait for a tracy-instrumented application to start, and when it does, it will automatically connect and start capturing. 

Reviewer: mdlint is not liking the trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
On macOS, Tracy can be installed through Homebrew by running `brew install tracy`, and the GUI client can be launched by running `tracy`.

In one terminal, run:
`./capture-release -o my_capture.tracy`
This will sit and wait for a tracy-instrumented application to start, and when it does, it will automatically connect and start capturing.
```

It has a command line capture tool that can record the execution of graphical applications, saving it as a profile file. Tracy has a GUI to inspect these profile files. The GUI app also supports live capture, showing you in real time the trace of your app. The version of tracy must be matched to the version of tracing-tracy used in bevy. A compatibility table can be found on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/tracing-tracy) and the version used can be found [here](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/blob/latest/crates/bevy_log/Cargo.toml).

> On Mac OS, Tracy can be installed through Homebrew by running `brew install tracy`, and the GUI client can be launched by running `tracy`. 

Reviewer 2: nit: it's "macOS" not any other capitalizing/spacing form.
```suggestion
On macOS, Tracy can be installed through Homebrew by running `brew install tracy`, and the GUI client can be launched by running `tracy`. 
```

In one terminal, run:
`./capture-release -o my_capture.tracy`
This will sit and wait for a tracy-instrumented application to start, and when it does, it will automatically connect and start capturing. 

> Note that on Windows, the capture tool is called `capture.exe`. On Mac OS, it is `tracy-capture` — e.g. `tracy-capture -o my_capture.tracy`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that on Windows, the capture tool is called `capture.exe`. On macOS, it is `tracy-capture` — e.g. `tracy-capture -o my_capture.tracy`. 
```
